Dear Sijn, 

Thank you very much for the useful suggestions and the numerous corrections you sent us.

We implemented the vast majority of, if not all, the editorial comments that we received.
In some cases, comments from different reviewers overlap or suggest incompatible changes.
In many of those and other cases the best solution was to rephrase the sentence or
paragraph involved. The number of editorial comments, due to the size of the paper, is too
large to give a reply for every single comment.

Here we collect some questions that we think are necessary to address:


Q: 
Page 17 (35) L438 and L440, the variable of "qT" has not been defined yet in the whole paper, 
also it has never been used again except on L440. I wonder whether it can be removed from 
this paper. 
A: 
q_T is removed from the text. 

Q: 
Page 19 (39) L474 and L477, the 1st words of two titles should be consistent, 
i.e. to change from "Modelling" --> "Modeling" 
A: 
Done
 
Q: 
on the 2nd line, as the background histograms are only shown in the right plot, so it should 
be mentioned that "signal and background events ..." --> "signal and background (in the right 
plot) events ..." 
A: 
Done. Actually, background is also present on the left plot, but it's invisible in linear scale. 

Q: 
Page 33 (54) L746, as the "p-value" has not been explained in the text yet, I'm not sure 
whether it should be done here or simply be spelled out since it seems never used again afterward 
in the text, i.e. "The p-value that measure ..." --> "The p????-value that measure ..." 
A: 
Rephrased as: "A goodness-of-fit test gives a probability ($p$-value) of 0.36".

Some questions refer to the ATLAS-CMS comparison. We removed the comparisons to ATLAS from figures 
and text according to CMS rule not to cite conf. notes. We think it doesn't make sense to make 
comparisons with the old ATLAS results since they have already produced results with 36/pb that 
we cannot show. 

Thank you once more for your time and effort to read and improve this paper.

All the best,
Georgios & Luca


